Release notes for operator-sdk version upgrade epic (#2323)
submariner-io/submariner-operator: release-notes/20221103-operator-sdk-upgrade.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->

> * operator-sdk version is upgraded to 1.23.0.
> * Submariner-operator APIs are converted to single-group. Meaning, API definitions can now be found under `api/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The project was rebuilt using Operator SDK version 1.23.0.
* The operator APIs have been converted to single-group; projects depending on these will need to
  replace `github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator/api/submariner/v1alpha1` with
  `github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator/api/v1alpha1` in their imports.
```
